Squences :-
1) write down the significance of trigger with sequence
2) what do you mean by cycle / no cycle in sequence? explain it with an example. can we create a sequence for -ve nos? for yes/no--justify
3) write a short note on sequnces
4) write the meaning of following parameters along with ex.:- a) maxvalue b) cycle c) cache and nocache
5) what are currval and nextval when discussed in sequences? what is the need of dual here?
6) Discuss the syntax when the sequence is to be used with dual and a table
7) how to alter/drop a sequence , explain with an example
8) what is the need and use  of trigger? How to create/execute and drop it?
9)  what do you mean by after/before on any table in trigger?
10) State the types of triggers. What do you mean by audit trail?
11) what is the difference in PK value given for an attribute and the Primary Key generation using trigger?


 PL/SQL... 

1) explain pl/sql basic data types
2) what is the relation of using set serveroutput on/off with dbms_output.put_line? how to display more than one value by using the same stmt?
3) what is the purpose of trigger? why does oracle recommend trigger?
4) how is if then...elsif...else stmt is different case stmt(to be taught yet)
5) what are the cursor attributes? list all and explain any2
6) discuss why cursor %ISOPEN and CLOSE not used in implicit cursors?
7) what is the diff. in implicit and explicit cursor? explain syntax too
8) what is a stored procedure? and why is it particularly useful?
9) write down the use of loop.. end loop ? where and how is it used? give an example
10) what is the use of cursor for loop?
11) what is the diff and similarities in cursor for and for loop?
12) what are parameterized cursors? explain syntax with an example
13) waht is role of null values in sql and pl/sql? how such values are handled?
14) explain different types along with boolean and its example
15) what is exit stmt? is it used in cursors too? for what?
16) explain goto stmt in pl/sql
17) write a note on table within table. how is it created?
18) explain the concept of cursor
19) how the cursor gets executed? is it different from execution process of pl/sql block
20) how does the err. handling done in pl/sql?
21) what is an exception? explain diff. types
22) why and how to use the user defined exceptions? explain with an ex
23) what is the meaning of pragma? what is the pragma exception?
24) can we use 2-3 user defined exceptions? how?
25) is it possible to use usedefined and system defined exception to gether ? how?
26) what is update.....no wait?
27) what is parameterized cursor? is it an advantage to use this than normal cursor?
28) wHAT HAPPens with fetch stmt in cursor?
29) what is the difference in procedure and functions?
30) What are stored procedures and functions? how to exec them? How to call them from pl/sql block? How to exec them on the SQL prompt?
31) how to drop and replace a  procedure and/or function? Write down a syntax of it
