Make and write the answers  for the following question bank.I hope you understand the need.
-----------------------
1.State what is transaction? explain any transaction operation
2. Write the states of ATM transaction example
3. Elaborate on the states of transaction
4.What are Transaction Properties?  Elaborate on same
5. What do you mean by ACID? what does each property say wrt trasaction execution?
6.what is a serial schedule? elaborate with an example
7. What is a serializable schedule? what's difference between the Serial and Serializable schedule?
8.what is the role of locks in serilizability?
9. Define Transaction, Schedule. Explain both with differences.
10. what are SQL commands to manage transaction? state and explain
11. how do two transactions conflict? explain scenario
12.write on lost update problem by giving an example.
13. Write a short note on locks. which all types of locks can be used in SQL? how?
14. how to implement concurrency control in a transaction?
15. Explain types of locks which are explained in SQL.
16. what do you mean by deadlock in transaction?
17. how to offer highest degree of concurrency?
18. what are the ways by which the serial equivalent order on conflicts is ensured?
19.  what is 2PC? what is the need of it?
20. explain the phases of 2PC
21. elaborate on  - Two phase locking guarantees serializability
22. Elaborate on -In an optimistic approach, each transaction moves thru two or three phases.
23. State and explain the phases of optimistic transaction.
24. Comment on - The recovery manager is responsible for ensuring two imp.properties: Atomicity and durability
25. State why Atomicity and durability play an important role in the recovery manager.
26. Define log. what are the contents of log record.
27. What is ARIES? explain its phases
28. what is the need of recovery process?write on four imp.concepts that affect the recovery process.
29. Define log and its attributes
30. what actions are taken for recording logs?
31. Write a short note on CLR(compensation log record)
32. Elaborate on impotant recovery related structure
33. What are the three phases by which system is recovered from crash?
34. Write a short note on checkpointing.
35. Define and explain WAL